---
layout: default
title: Post Number 2 (3/24/24)
categories: [blogging]
---

## Learned HTML and CSS!


I probably should have made this blog post in html, since I spent the whole day learning html and css from scratch. Very cool and I think I have a good basis for all of it now. I did a week's worth of a course from coursera. But the vast majority of what I learned is from codecademy. I have sample codes for basic html and css in ./sample_codes/ now that I can reference.

---

I also managed to locally host sites through Jekyll now. All I need to do now is simply type "jekyll serve" in the command prompt. That should allow me to simply go on a browser and type in http://localhost:4000/ which will take me to index.html. From there, I can either navigate directly to a page, or type in the page manually. Very useful, updates instantly, and doesn't require any internet access. This makes testing the site a lot easier and I can upload to GitHub once I finish rather than for each test.

---

I have overwritten index.md with index.html and should be using html for the forseeable future. It will be mostly in html for now, but I also should know enough css to customize the appearance should I wish to do so. My to-do list is overwritten though, so to reiterate, the things I need to do is:

- Permanent Homepage Link
- Make html template for general pages
- Rewrite Pages in html
- Figure out more robust way to do blog/journal Entries
- Write global css page to use for now
- Figure out how to type # in markdown or whatever language the title is in

- Add Categories
  - Research Topics
    - BCGs
    - Binary Stars
    - Laser Machining
  - Career
  - Games?


---
